sculptures bicycles photographs
giants and kinder are some of the
elements that are throughout all
the boulevard of the united nations in the
north of I remove one of the spaces
public that have been remodeled since
three years ago and now they have become
in a place to enjoy art and
socialization the public space is a
important concept in the life of the
citizenship because they are the places where
the meeting between the
citizens in addition to being created as
pedestrian walks or meeting places
they also harbor the creativity of
photographers artists and sculptors who
have exhibited their works since 2011 year in
the one that was made a sample
significant of photographs and
Ecuadorians and that's how the
project photography to open sky is
a project that is already three years old and
growing every time there is more demand
there are a lot of proposals for the
present that has proposals for
open sky photography exhibits
it's good now we're doing the
call precisely the new
call precisely for that and
always the idea is to occupy new
spaces also that is to go out a
little more financed
the least urban part of the district to
just like the photographs the sculptures
they have also occupied these spaces for
the enjoyment of citizenship of this
way another of the cultural projects
is the exhibition removed kindle garden
that remains on a stretch of boulevard of
the united nations and that was inaugurated
in conjunction with other activities
musical artistic that was boosted the
sculptural exhibition of quito ccq
fiery kinder and cell flora
emblematic fauna of quito with a
sample also from a Christmas story
with what really took a
permanent activation that is still
current in the square we really have
many people who are visiting this
space that is new but at the same
time they run into these
exhibitions that bring them closer to what
what is the use of public space
and feel becoming a site of
family meeting in this way the
citizens can enjoy art in
an open space as allowed by
boulevards in the city of equipment for the
news agency andes carlos loaiza